README.md, before:

# About MRT Wallet

Welcome to MRT Wallet, the open-source wallet designed for the decentralized future of finance. Our mission is to empower users with a secure and versatile solution that supports both Bitcoin mainnet and testnet, as well as networks such as Ripple, Dogecoin, Litecoin, and Dash, with a roadmap set to embrace a broad spectrum of cryptocurrencies.

**Networks**

- Bitcoin (mainnet, testnet): Experience enhanced control over your transactions. With MRT Wallet, you can effortlessly create, sign, and send transactions from multiple UTXOs and addresses. Our robust support includes P2TR, P2WPKH, P2WSH, P2SH, P2PKH, and multisignature functionalities, providing you with a versatile and secure platform for managing your Bitcoin transactions.

- Dogecoin: Extend your capabilities to the playful realm of Dogecoin. MRT Wallet supports seamless transaction creation and management on the Dogecoin network, ensuring a smooth and secure experience.

- Dash: Explore the fast and efficient world of Dash with MRT Wallet. Easily create, sign, and send transactions, enjoying support for various Dash network functionalities.

- Litecoin: Dive into the silver to Bitcoin's gold with MRT Wallet's support for Litecoin. Manage your Litecoin transactions effortlessly, creating, signing, and sending with confidence.

- Ripple: Unlock the potential of the Ripple network with MRT Wallet. Our support extends to advanced cryptographic algorithms such as secp256k1 and ed25519. Explore features like NFTs, tokens, multisignature transactions, account settings (AccountSet), trust settings (TrustSet), escrow transactions, regular key settings, and more. MRT Wallet provides a comprehensive platform for managing your assets on the Ripple network.

**Decentralized, Secure, and Open Source**

At MRT Wallet, we believe in the power of decentralization. Our commitment to decentralization is at the core of our design philosophy, providing you with full control over your assets. Your private keys remain in your hands, ensuring the highest level of security.

We take pride in being fully open source. You can explore and audit our code on [GitHub](https://github.com/mrtnetwork/mrtwallet) under the Apache License 2.0. This commitment to transparency means that every line of code is accessible, empowering the community to verify the security and integrity of our wallet.

**Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Dash, Ripple Support — Mainnet and Testnet**

Whether you're navigating the robust Bitcoin mainnet for your financial transactions or experimenting on the testnet to fine-tune your strategies, MRT Wallet is your reliable companion. Seamlessly switch between the secure environments of Bitcoin mainnet and testnet, and explore additional horizons with support for diverse cryptocurrencies like Dogecoin, Dash, Litecoin, and Ripple. MRT Wallet empowers you to transact with confidence across a broad spectrum of digital assets.

**Platform Support**

MRT Wallet is available on multiple platforms to provide a seamless experience:

- **Android:** Take your wallet on the go with our Android app, ensuring you have secure access to your funds anytime, anywhere.

- **Windows:** Enjoy the convenience of MRT Wallet on your desktop. Our Windows version brings the power of decentralized finance to your fingertips.

- **Web:** Access your wallet from any web browser with our web platform. Manage your assets with ease, all while enjoying the security and privacy MRT Wallet provides.

**Roadmap: Embracing a Diverse Crypto Landscape**

Our journey doesn't end with Bitcoin. The MRT Wallet roadmap is a dynamic chart that outlines our commitment to support a wide range of cryptocurrencies. We're dedicated to staying at the forefront of innovation, adapting to new technologies, and expanding our capabilities to serve the evolving needs of the crypto community.

**Community-Driven Development**

MRT Wallet is not just a wallet; it's a community-driven project. We welcome collaboration, feedback, and contributions from the community. Together, we're building a decentralized future that prioritizes security, privacy, and inclusivity.

### Build Instructions
---

Clone the repository and build using Flutter:

**WEB**

 you can view the web version of MRT Wallet at https://mrtnetwork.github.io/mrtwallet/.

```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build web --release
```

**Android**
```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build apk --release
```

**Windows**
```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build windows
```


### Contributing
---

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these guidelines:
 - Fork the repository and create a new branch.
 - Make your changes and ensure tests pass.
 - Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

### Feature requests and bugs
---

Please file feature requests and bugs in the issue tracker.

### Get Involved
---

Join us on our mission to redefine the landscape of decentralized finance. Contribute to our open-source project on [GitHub](https://github.com/mrtnetwork/mrtwallet) or connect with our community on [Telegram](https://t.me/blockchain_web3_solidity).

Thank you for choosing MRT Wallet as your trusted partner in the world of decentralized finance.


### Support
---
1KMRGUzRFCuR9y73gUnjxfC1Dte8Ua3vcp

bc1q92fvc5jm4k8e5wegzmhzdv72gwe43sgfnuspgzfmj7llkd8xhmusgd44qf

Commit message:

v3.1.0
New Feature: Ethereum and Tron Network Support

README.md, after:

# About MRT Wallet

Welcome to MRT Wallet, the open-source wallet designed for the decentralized future of finance. Our mission is to empower users with a secure and versatile solution that supports both Bitcoin mainnet and testnet, as well as networks such as 
Ethereum, Tron, Ripple, Dogecoin, Litecoin, and Dash, with a roadmap set to embrace a broad spectrum of cryptocurrencies.

**Networks**

- Bitcoin (mainnet, testnet): Experience enhanced control over your transactions. With MRT Wallet, you can effortlessly create, sign, and send transactions from multiple UTXOs and addresses. Our robust support includes P2TR, P2WPKH, P2WSH, P2SH, P2PKH, and multisignature functionalities, providing you with a versatile and secure platform for managing your Bitcoin transactions.

- Dogecoin: Extend your capabilities to the playful realm of Dogecoin. MRT Wallet supports seamless transaction creation and management on the Dogecoin network, ensuring a smooth and secure experience.

- Dash: Explore the fast and efficient world of Dash with MRT Wallet. Easily create, sign, and send transactions, enjoying support for various Dash network functionalities.

- Litecoin: Dive into the silver to Bitcoin's gold with MRT Wallet's support for Litecoin. Manage your Litecoin transactions effortlessly, creating, signing, and sending with confidence.

- Ripple: Unlock the potential of the Ripple network with MRT Wallet. Our support extends to advanced cryptographic algorithms such as secp256k1 and ed25519. Explore features like NFTs, tokens, multisignature transactions, account settings (AccountSet), trust settings (TrustSet), escrow transactions, regular key settings, and more. MRT Wallet provides a comprehensive platform for managing your assets on the Ripple network.

- Ethereum: MRT Wallet now supports Ethereum transactions, offering compatibility with both legacy and EIP-1559 transactions. Import and manage ERC-20 assets effortlessly, and execute ERC-20 token transfers with ease.

- Tron: Seamlessly interact with the Tron blockchain using MRT Wallet. Send TRX, TRC-20, and TRC-10 tokens with confidence. The wallet also supports native contracts, including multi-signature transactions. Stay in control by updating account permissions, managing accounts, unstaking (v2), delegating resources, and creating and updating witnesses.

**Decentralized, Secure, and Open Source**

At MRT Wallet, we believe in the power of decentralization. Our commitment to decentralization is at the core of our design philosophy, providing you with full control over your assets. Your private keys remain in your hands, ensuring the highest level of security.

We take pride in being fully open source. You can explore and audit our code on [GitHub](https://github.com/mrtnetwork/mrtwallet) under the Apache License 2.0. This commitment to transparency means that every line of code is accessible, empowering the community to verify the security and integrity of our wallet.

**Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Litecoin, Dash, Ripple Support — Mainnet and Testnet**

Whether you're navigating the robust Bitcoin mainnet for your financial transactions or experimenting on the testnet to fine-tune your strategies, MRT Wallet is your reliable companion. Seamlessly switch between the secure environments of Bitcoin mainnet and testnet, and explore additional horizons with support for diverse cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, Tron, Dogecoin, Dash, Litecoin, and Ripple. MRT Wallet empowers you to transact with confidence across a broad spectrum of digital assets.

**Platform Support**

MRT Wallet is available on multiple platforms to provide a seamless experience:

- **Android:** Take your wallet on the go with our Android app, ensuring you have secure access to your funds anytime, anywhere.

- **Windows:** Enjoy the convenience of MRT Wallet on your desktop. Our Windows version brings the power of decentralized finance to your fingertips.

- **Web:** Access your wallet from any web browser with our web platform. Manage your assets with ease, all while enjoying the security and privacy MRT Wallet provides.

**Roadmap: Embracing a Diverse Crypto Landscape**

Our journey doesn't end with Bitcoin. The MRT Wallet roadmap is a dynamic chart that outlines our commitment to support a wide range of cryptocurrencies. We're dedicated to staying at the forefront of innovation, adapting to new technologies, and expanding our capabilities to serve the evolving needs of the crypto community.

**Community-Driven Development**

MRT Wallet is not just a wallet; it's a community-driven project. We welcome collaboration, feedback, and contributions from the community. Together, we're building a decentralized future that prioritizes security, privacy, and inclusivity.

### Build Instructions
---

Clone the repository and build using Flutter:

**WEB**

 you can view the web version of MRT Wallet at https://mrtnetwork.github.io/mrtwallet/.

```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build web --release
```

**Android**
```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build apk --release
```

**Windows**
```
gh repo clone mrtnetwork/mrtwallet
cd mrt_wallet
flutter pub get
flutter build windows
```


### Contributing
---

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these guidelines:
 - Fork the repository and create a new branch.
 - Make your changes and ensure tests pass.
 - Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

### Feature requests and bugs
---

Please file feature requests and bugs in the issue tracker.

### Get Involved
---

Join us on our mission to redefine the landscape of decentralized finance. Contribute to our open-source project on [GitHub](https://github.com/mrtnetwork/mrtwallet) or connect with our community on [Telegram](https://t.me/blockchain_web3_solidity).

Thank you for choosing MRT Wallet as your trusted partner in the world of decentralized finance.


### Support
---
1KMRGUzRFCuR9y73gUnjxfC1Dte8Ua3vcp

bc1q92fvc5jm4k8e5wegzmhzdv72gwe43sgfnuspgzfmj7llkd8xhmusgd44qf
